Fix missing descriptions in metadata (#2248)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/winforms/controls/windows-forms-controls-by-function.md

---
title: Controls by Function

> description: Learn about Windows Forms controls and components organized by function, including recommended controls and their superseded replacements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about Windows Forms controls and components organized by function, including recommended controls and the controls they superseded.
```
